Welcome to Contemporary American History.
I'm Professor Turchison.
You know, a lot of people think history is just facts.
It's just information about the past.
But not me.
I mean, I hold history very sacred.
Sacred.
The way the farmer looks at the earth and he holds it sacred.
The way a Christian takes the Bible and he holds it sacred.
The way a lot of people hold their marriage sacred.
That's how I feel about it.
So why don't we dive right in by interpreting one of the easiest events
in the last 20 years of American history.
Now, can someone tell me why, in 1975, we pulled our troops out of Vietnam?
The failure of Vietnamization to win popular support caused an ongoing erosion of confidence in the various American, but illegal, Saigon regimes.
Is she right?
Because I know that's the popular version of what went on there.
I know a lot of people like to believe that.
I wish I could, but I was there.
I wasn't here in the classroom, hoping I was right, thinking about it.
I was up on my knees in rice paddies with guns, and then we're going up against Charlie, slugging it out with him, while pussies like you were back there partying, putting headbands on, doing drugs, listening to goddamn Beatle albums.
Hey, Professor, take it easy, will you?
I mean, these kids, they were in grade school at the time.
And me, I'm not a fighter.
I'm a lover.
Well, I didn't know you wanted to get involved with the discussion, Mr. Helper.
But since you want to help, maybe you can help me, OK?
You remember that thing we had about 30 years ago called the Korean conflict?
Yeah, where we failed to achieve victory?
How come he didn't cross the 38th parallel... and push those rice eaters back to the Great Wall of China... and take the Birkbeck brick... and nuke them back into the fucking Stonehenge River?
How come?
Tell me why!
Say it!
All right.
I'll say it.
Because Truman was too much of a pussywimp... to let MacArthur go in there and blow out those cumming bastards!
Good answer.
I like the way you think.
I'm gonna be watching you.
Good teacher.
He really seems to care about what I have no idea.
Well, I was born down in the Southland Twenty-some-odd years ago
I ran away for the first time When I was only four years old, I'm a free-born man With all my homies on my back I know every inch of the highway Every foot of back road, every metal railroad track
Got a gal in Cincinnati, a little woman in San Antone Always love the gal next door, but anyplace is home I'm a free-born man One of my homies on my back I know every inch of the highway, every foot of the back road, every run of railroad track
Well, I got me a Morton guitar And a Colonel no-toe sack Well, I hocked it about 200 times But I always got it back, I'm a pre-born man Lord, my homie's on my back I know every inch of the highway Every foot of back road, every foot of railroad track
Well, I was born in the Southland Twenty-some odd years ago I ran away for the first time When I was only four years old I'm a free-born man My home is on my back I know every inch of the highway Every foot of back road Every run of railroad track
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible,
we have each one of you is going to get a chance to comment.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not it's, you know, measles plus, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles, because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But
no one when we have this new pandemic that is you know got seventy five percent mortality and uh it it's not it's that there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs i'm afraid that the latest it's literally turning into worst case scenario worst case scenario just i'm afraid it's literally turning into essentially a worst case scenario i'm afraid
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation?
What was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding a virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue... Well, they interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Stop lying!
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Did Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
The End
Well, here we are again, ladies and gentlemen, trying to wake up a few people every day.
It is an extraordinary moment we are in history where it appears a lot of people are in panic.
They don't really know what to do anymore because, again, they can't talk about the things, the ideas that we're talking about here.
And so there is a coordinated chorus of people just trying to say that I'm nuts or
I don't know, I guess somehow I'm the baddest bad guy, but not for long because, you know, there'll be more bad guys or something like that.
I don't even get it anymore.
I just know for sure we live in very interesting times with a lot of fake people, a lot of people who claim to be doing one job, but are actually probably being paid quite substantially to do another job.
And as long as we are listening to these people, we are going to be vulnerable
to their version of reality, which is, again, the difference between what's perceived to be true and what is actually true.
And I'm afraid that these people have been occupying our consciousness, our attention, for a lot longer than we realized, and to malevolent ends.
And that's why these same people that now and for many years have attributed the name Judas to me, actually don't talk about there being no evidence of spread in New York City.
They don't talk about infectious clones as an idea in virology and what it means practically for synthetic biology.
They don't talk about the role that placebo batches likely played.
And they don't talk about the fact that transfection and transformation and transduction are all words that all academic biologists should have done known about many, many years before the pandemic and the idea that it took so many people so long to come to the T word.
And some of them still haven't come there yet as extraordinary.
Um, the protocols were murder.
They just don't want to talk about how many different ways.
It was fine when everybody was talking about remdesivir and trying to blame Tony Fauci for it.
But once we started to realize that the only way you could get somebody in the hospital and have them have symptoms that, that you could put them on remdesivir, it often, often, often started with, um, as much oxygen as they need, you know, just turn it up.
Gain of Function is definitely a mythology, especially with regard to RNA and RNA viruses, and that's the biology that we're going to work on all summer.
And then the Scooby-Doo is just this thing where they coordinatedly pretended that there was some kind of cover-up or denial happening, and that coordinated
spectacular commitment to that theater about the cover-up of the origin of the virus and whether or not it could be or would be or maybe is a lab leak is exactly how they planned to get us to teach this mythology to our children.
And so I think by instead teaching our children that weaponized piles of money that have control of the mainstream media and also of social media have convinced us using liars to argue about the origins of the novel virus.
And by participating in this argument unwittingly, we all accepted the novel virus as being real.
And we are still being governed by this theater.
The question is, is how deep and how broad is this theater and what
To what domains of our understanding does it extend?
Is it really as bad as Alan Dulles suggested?
And that once everything we believe is false, we will finally be ruled by them?
I don't know.
I think it's possible.
I know for sure that the pattern of them attributing bad motives to me has evolved, and now they are kind of out of the side of their mouth, suggesting that I might disappear pretty soon, which is an interesting connotation.
I still think it just has to do with weaponized piles of money and the history of them.
That's why I think my last guess was interesting.
Lots of history there of weaponized piles of money, and if you don't start to see it soon, you're probably not gonna.
You're probably not willing to realize exactly how overextended they are.
I think Ray Kurzweiler, I've done a couple programs about Ray Kurzweiler.
He's a guy who can really illustrate for you how overextended they are.
They've been saying for a really long time what they're gonna do in 10 years because everything is happening so fast and now we're 20 years later or 40 years later.
And if we don't realize that this is accurately cataloged in our history, these mythologies and how they developed, we're gonna lose access to our history and then these charlatans will have power over us for another couple generations.
And in the same way that we inherited them from our parents, our kids will inherit them from us.
And we can stop this, we can stop this if we realize who all the charlatans are.
and how they've been working together so long that they are actually using American history against us now.
And if we want to make gentle the life of this world as we transition out of their mythology, we're going to have to teach our children how to see the artificial waves of consensus by which we are governed.
the artificial waves of consensus by which we are governed.
Waves of consensus about Israel, and about money, and about banks, and about loans, and about bankruptcy, and about student loans, and about racism, and about abortion, and about state laws, and about everything, including the origins of the novel virus and the contamination of the mRNA shot.
That's really what we're dealing with here.
We're dealing with a coordinated wave of consensus.
And if you don't focus on the biology and avoid taking their bait on social media, if you don't actively try to love your neighbor, you're going to end up on the bottom of the wave down here and pretty sad about it.
Now this is a message coming from an American, American made message broadcasting to America and the world where I think the message should be stay focused, don't take the bait, and love your neighbor.
Please share this work, that's how this works.
If you share it, more people will see this biology and have a little ladder on the way out.
Today we're not going to do a whole lot of biology in the sense of a journal club or something like that, but we're actually going to look at how a physicist and mathematician, intellectual dark web genius, has been elevated over many years to now sort of be at the center of a manufactured controversy about physics and mathematics.
And this manufactured controversy is supposed to create some kind of cognitive parallel between
our knowledge in physics, our lack of knowledge in physics, and our knowledge in biology and lack of knowledge in biology.
And I'm hoping that I can use this as an example of how just by seeing it differently, by having a different set of filters, you can look at social media and see it plainly for what it is and the illusions for what they are.
But again, if you want to engage in this, you've got to pull your own hands down.
Because right now, the illusion is sustained by our participation.
And so if you learn to engage in noncompliance by informing yourself, this is how we're going to get farther.
That's what I think.
So,
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
It is 1026 coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
And yeah, it's a nice day.
I think it's going to get pretty hot.
I tried to start early today.
It is the 12th of July, and we've got a lot of work to do.
As usual, I'm a human just like you.
I make mistakes.
I got taken by the Scooby Doo at the beginning of the pandemic worse than almost anyone.
I think that it's important to always start with the same message if you have a good one.
And in this case, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
There are other ways to look at this.
I've started already in the introduction with the idea that weaponized piles of money are behind all of this, and it's just a question of seeing who all of these people are.
How is this limited spectrum of debate actually created?
And I've been making the argument, along with a lot of other people on the internet, that the intellectual dark web represents a kind of forward-facing
part of this, the obvious part, but there's lots of layers to it.
And the way that these podcasts and their sponsorships work is that they are consciously and intelligently manipulating the organized opinions and habits of the masses by creating this illusion of consensus about what the interesting topics to talk about are, what the most interesting people, who the most interesting people are,
and what we should be thinking about as a society or as an intellectual dark web alternative to the heterodoxy, whatever words that they use.
And if you don't start to understand that podcasting
whether you like it or not, is starting to become a central mode by which they fractionate us, and by which they occupy our consciousness so that we are wasting our time, or our children are wasting their time, and instead of developing skills, or becoming better at math, or reading, or learning anything, they are spending their time on video games, and they are spending their time on influencers, and they are spending their time on trying to become some of these things.
And we must see that this is not even mediocrity as what Matthew said yesterday.
It's not even mediocrity.
We're talking about really the lowest level of time use.
And we've got to pull out of this nosedive with our children very quickly or we won't be able to anymore.
We will be left with a generation of adults that's inept.
incapable of being the citizens that you need in order to have and maintain a republic.
And unfortunately, we may already be there.
We may have already unwittingly wasted too much time with our own lives to save our children.
But if we're going to try, we've got to first acknowledge that that's where we are right now.
Yesterday, I did have Matthew Eret on.
And you can find his substack there.
I'll just plug that one more time.
So today, I want to get right to the show and right to the things that we're going to do.
This is the IDW Report.
Every once in a while, I think I should just title it the IDW Report.
It's the Intellectual Dark Web Report from, of course, the Independent Bright Web.
This is Morgan, or sorry, it's Weinstein on Morgan, on Rogan on ideas and stuff.
And what I mean by Weinstein on Morgan, on Rogan, on ideas and stuff, is that Weinstein was a guest on Morgan's show, which is called like Uncensored or on something or other.
And he, Weinstein, was talking about his appearance on Rogan, where he was talking to this Terrence McKenna or whatever his name is.
and talking about his ideas and they're going to debate about whether that was a good idea because you know if you go on Rogan for four hours and talk to this Looney Tune then you give all of his ideas a lot more credence and everybody takes them a lot more seriously and I think you have an obligation as a smart guy not to talk to dumb people or something like that.
Now what I want to extract from this is
my first take on what they are trying to do with this dialogue.
Remember what these dialogues are, these scripted dialogues with different people on different... this is the social media version.
It is the literal, and I don't like that word, but in this case it might be appropriate, it is the literal manifestation of the words of
of Noam Chomsky.
So these limited spectrums of debate within which a very lively conversation occurs is exactly what these podcasts, newscasts, shows on the internet amount to.
The view is one version of this and what we're going to see here is another version of this where four people get together and they agree on what are the smart questions to ask
and agree about what the smart things to argue about are.
And all the while, the presuppositions of the system are going to be reinforced by the stupid shit that they say, excuse my language, I found it coming, I could hear it coming, and I made the choice to say it.
It is really bad.
And I've only seen about the first five minutes of it, so I know already that we're gonna go deep.
And I have a feeling that on the tee ball,
T every time a new batter comes up or every time a new question comes up, there's going to be some like, you know, well, obviously, and then they're going to hit that idea out of the park.
And then they're going to say, well, obviously we all know that.
And then they're going to hit that ball out of the park.
Now, the question is how many of those ideas that get put on the T and they're allowed to hit a home run.
How many of those ideas are real versus not
not substantiated.
And if they put any ideas on that T and then go, well, we know that nuclear weapons exist, tink, and then they hit it out of the park never to discuss it again, you could kind of see that, wow, that's an interesting thing to put on the T. And so I'm anticipating two things.
One, I'm anticipating, again, that we're going to need to make a list to identify the questions that they are debating.
And then as we go, we'll just take notes and I'll try to formulate the questions I think they're asking and the answers they're offering.
And then more importantly, I want you to look carefully, listen carefully for the presuppositions of the system that are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate.
I don't know if I'm going to be good at this or not yet, but that's what we're going to attempt to do as we move forward.
We're going to try to use these
these concepts as tools to dismantle some aspects of the illusion.
So here we go.
I'll try this one first.
Everything has an equal and opposite.
It has to mate.
Whoa.
I'm trying to get you to stop pissing my community off.
You're kind of adding legitimacy to slightly unhinged science fiction.
I wouldn't have been able to appear with Terrence if I didn't think there was something in what he was doing.
The platform to be accepted for the ideas is not social media.
Neil himself
doesn't appear conversant in the history of science and reviewing.
It's 10 times easier to produce something that's BS, and so than it is to refute it.
Science has a branding problem.
If you're arguing at the level of the specifics of the science, you have already lost.
Science has become a pagan thing.
Effectively, there are no professors who are standing up in good standing as experts doing the job that now Candace Owens is going to fill.
Ha, Candace Owens, nice.
Trust the science became a mantra during the COVID pandemic.
But in the years since, and partly as a consequence, a rising tide of people are doing quite the opposite.
Challenging the scientific mainstream is in vogue.
Now first, let me point out, right, Piers Morgan doesn't have to get you.
Piers Morgan doesn't have to get you.
Weinstein doesn't have to get you.
None of these people have to get you.
The question is, can they get people?
because that's what this is all about.
It's a throw everything against the wall and see what sticks.
We have infinite money and we have probably an infinite list of people we could help or give a leg up or provide with comfort and fame in order to manipulate into, again, how many people do they really need to control if they have 50 or 100 podcasts and each one of those gets a million viewers?
That's a lot of coverage already, right?
And so that's what they're doing.
They're filling this space on social media with places where no matter where you go, you are going to hear an illusion of consensus about certain things and a very lively debate within that limited spectrum.
That's what it is.
And that's what this will be.
What I want to help you see is what I see.
and what they are doing here with this Terrence McKenna guy and the four-hour Joe Rogan podcast where they're going to talk about it.
Straight in the recent viral phenomenon of actor Terrence Howard on the Joe Rogan podcast.
So the viral phenomenon is of course chosen and I bet you anything we could just put a little
viral and we'll just chalk it up like how many references to viruses will they make in this silly podcast.
Let's go back to the beginning again.
Effectively, there are no professors who are standing up in good standing as experts doing the job that now Candace Owens is going to fill.
Trust the science became a mantra during the COVID pandemic.
But in the years since, and partly as a consequence, a rising tide of people are doing quite the opposite.
Challenging the scientific mainstream is in vogue.
Nobody's this better illustrated than the recent viral phenomenon of actor Terrence Howard on the Joe Rogan podcast, the biggest media platform in the world right now, arguing that one times one actually equals two, among other bizarre theories.
They don't show that hydrogen has the same tone as carbon.
What do you mean by tone?
Same tone, same key of E. You keep dividing light by two, and you'll ultimately get back to the audible sound of it.
Because there was a relationship between light and color, sound and tone, matter and shape.
At a given point, Mars was here in the Goldilocks zone.
Everything has an equal and opposite.
It has to mate.
Mating is a big part of what we do.
The carb, the boron mates with nitrogen.
What's this guy's name?
Did he say this guy's name?
Sorry, I said Terrence McKenna.
That's obviously wrong.
I don't want to be... I don't want to make it seem like I didn't know that.
I know his name is Terrence, though.
Anyway, sorry, if someone can put that in the... Terrence Howard.
Yes, thank you.
My bad.
How the carbon happens.
96% of physics is unknown matter.
that they've had to make up to account for it, and we were able to build Saturn.
Man, don't turn my phone off.
Don't do that.
Every time I get ready, well, because I know they're watching me right now, and they're mad at me.
Who's they?
The politicians and the authorities that give the politicians their accredation.
And our world economy is based off of one times one equaling one.
You think they fuck with your phone?
Oh, I'm sure of it.
Whoa.
Well, there were four hours of that, but it's reached tens of millions of people.
It's been a true viral phenomenon, like I said.
Well, many in the scientific establishment expressed alarm at the apparently limitless reach of wild theories at a time science has a reputation problem.
Professor Neil deGrasse Tyson, perhaps the most famous scientist on the planet, had this to say.
If you're a fan of a subject, let's say, a hobbyist, let's call it, it's possible to know enough about that subject to think you're right, but not enough about that subject to know that you're wrong.
The funny part about it is, is that that is exactly describing himself.
He knows just enough about physics to talk about it on TV and kids programs, but not enough to argue with anyone who actually knows physics.
Now that's not me, but I know that from talking to countless other people who do know physics, that that guy is basically a brick.
It's pretty funny that they use him as example.
I hope that they're going to lampoon him for that.
Phenomenal, like I said.
Well, many in the scientific establishment expressed alarm at the apparently limitless reach of wild theories at a time science has a reputation problem.
Professor Neil deGrasse Tyson, perhaps the most famous scientist on the planet, had this to say.
The most famous scientist on the planet?
Seriously?
Like, do you say that without, wow?
If you're a fan of a subject, let's say, a hobbyist, let's call it, it's possible to know enough about that subject.
I mean, let's just be honest.
Tony Fauci's more well-known than this guy.
Like, come on.
To think you're right, but not enough about that subject to know that you're wrong.
The platform to be accepted for the ideas is not social media.
It is not Joe Rogan.
It is not my podcast.
It is research journals where attention can be given on a level that at the end of the day offers no higher respect for your energy and intellect than by declaring that what's in it is either right or wrong or worthy of publication or not.
Well, others disagree.
Right or wrong, or worthy of publication or not.
See, what a weird thing to say.
That's so stupid.
He knows that it's worthy of publication or not.
It has nothing to do with right or wrong, because right or wrong isn't established by p-values.
Like, this is an extraordinary admission here, that they're already curating a limited spectrum of debate where on one side we have this dork, and then on the other side we're going to have the intellectual dark web master of many things, polymath,
and advisor to Peter Thiel, son of Les Weinstein, Eric.
They argue the old system needs to be shaken up.
The questioning and challenging mainstream institutions and theories is the only real way to actually get to the truth.
Here to debate this, the podcaster and cosmologist at University of California, Professor Brian Keating, host of Impact Theory, Tom Billiard.
But I'll start with Dr. Eric Weinstein, mathematician and OG.
So that other dude is like an intellectual dark web level two.
He's a lot like, you know, underneath Ruben, underneath Shapiro.
He's had Rodney Mullen on his show.
Rodney's never been on my show.
That guy's got a great podcast, but I don't understand why.
Well, let's just say that when you get a million subscribers, it doesn't necessarily mean that that means you're super smart.
or you're very insightful, it might just mean that you got lucky and you had a lot of good guests and you're supposed to rise.
And so if I watch that guy, his early podcast, we can talk about that later.
If we watch his early ones, the impact factor versus the ones that are coming out now, you can see a level of humility that's completely disappeared from his work.
And so that leads me to believe that he's on the rise here.
He's been on the rise throughout COVID.
And it was one of these people who got on the escalator because he had a pass already, just like all these intellectual dark web people did.
Here we go.
The intellectual dark web and creator of the portal podcast.
Well, Eric, welcome back to Uncensored.
I'm Tom Bilyeu, but I'll start with Dr. Eric Weinstein, mathematician and OG of the intellectual dark web and creator.
OG, old gangster.
That's a nice reference there.
Really classy.
Classy.
Of the portal podcast.
Well, Eric, welcome back to Uncensored.
Really fascinating to see how big this has all blown in the last few days.
For those who didn't watch the Terence Howard four-hour, I don't know what you would call it, theory-a-thon, let's be kind.
What were the sort of main premises he was coming out with that have captured everyone's attention?
Well, I think that he made several outrageous claims that were more or less baseless as far as
either the heterodox or the orthodox view of science, that 1 times 1 is equal to 2, that the periodic table should be rearranged around earlier work from the 1920s.
that he had a theory of physics based on platonic solids with curved linear sides.
I don't think any of those hold up to any kind of scrutiny.
That said, he definitely has some very interesting engineering claims, and he's got some very interesting geometric structures that
could make beautiful lighting, fantastic art, and he is saying some things that people are deriding.
from a scholarly perspective that actually have some merit.
So it's a very bizarre and complicated situation, but it is not complicated at the root.
There's nothing wrong with standard orthodox science, and I say that as a very strong critic of the system.
So if you wanted to hear it from somebody with a PhD who's nevertheless not shy about savaging the institutions when that is what they deserve,
I would say that the level of doubt that he has cast on simple things like arithmetic
is completely unwarranted.
But it's a very bizarre situation to watch an entire nation that depends on technology and science for its advantage suddenly question whether or not one times one equals one.
So there's a presumption right there that the entire nation, because of Terrence Howard's appearance on Joe Rogan, is now questioning fundamental principles of mathematics.
Stop lying!
I mean, that's a crazy, just because people watched the podcast, now everybody thinks that we weren't worried when people said that 2 plus 2 was 5.
We weren't worried that that was going to go and everybody was going to, you know, bridges were going to collapse and cars would stop working.
So I don't know what we're, I don't know what this means, but that's a pretty ridiculous statement.
What is fascinating to me is the last time I had anything to do with Terrence Howard, I interviewed him at CNN about 10 years ago when he did a movie about the Tuskegee Airmen.
And the next thing, he's doing a four-hour podcast with Joe Rogan in which he's airing the most sort of intensely complex theories, many of which, as you say, might be completely for the birds.
Were you aware that Terrence Howard was thinking this way, was moving to a place where he could even conduct an interview like that?
Well, to be honest, I didn't know who Terrence Howard... My basic assumption here, just so you know what I'm thinking in my head, is that Terrence Howard was coached and set up by Eric.
so that Eric, after he went to Oxford and did all these other things, could be the guy who sat with him on Joe Rogan and then fired back and forth after he had rehearsed several times on The View and other places.
This is my most parsimonious explanation for what's going on here, and that would also be the reason why, you know, Eric felt so, you know, he was gonna take one for the team and step up and tell this guy the truth.
Well, because he had already helped him develop that schtick, and he's an actor.
So in my humble opinion, there's no butts about it that this guy is playing us as part of the ruling elite's game that they're playing, whether he knows it or not.
But most likely he knows.
I mean, if you're given the greatest acting role in history to be part of the reality theater that's going to change the world forever, well, then you take that.
You take that chance if you're that guy.
And he was an actor, right?
So I mean, they just take roles.
They take roles.
He was.
So I didn't have an image for him.
But had you asked me, I would have thought back to Werner Herzog doing the entire film Fitzcarraldo to test his engineering theories about how less technologically advanced people could move heavy objects many miles.
uphills.
He created an entire film to test his engineering theories.
Hedy Lamarr famously developed spread spectrum technology despite being a screen siren back in the 30s and 40s.
So just as I don't think it's very strange to find out that Steve Martin is an incredible banjo player, I don't find it at all odd that a polymath
Like Terrence Howard.
So Terrence Howard is a polymath, okay?
Terrence Howard is a polymath is what he states.
He's not pretending to be a polymath.
He's not maybe a polymath.
He's not smart on a lot of levels.
Eric Weinstein is asserting that Terrence Howard is a polymath, even in the same interview as he's saying that he basically says a lot of nonsense, but he's got some neat art.
Think about that.
Think about what is happening here and see what it is.
They are inserting him.
We are agreeing to talk about him because he's a polymath and he's asking questions worth answering.
I think it's very strange to find out that Steve Martin is an incredible banjo player.
I don't find it at all odd that a polymath like
Terence Howard would have such theories.
I don't think that the theories about math and physics and chemistry are incredibly deep.
So I'm going to push back on that.
But I do think that he knows quite a lot about many things and he doesn't know what he doesn't know.
I mean, Neil deGrasse Tyson said that he- I mean, ask yourself the question why Terence Howard wouldn't at least point out that Tesla knew a lot more about a lot of things than we ever gave him credit for.
And why wouldn't he in his-
One of the things that bothers me a lot is he claims to have used this new geometry to describe electromagnetism in a correct way, which I don't understand how anybody can take that seriously because, a very simple fact, if you have a model of reality that is closer to correct than what is currently in use, then that model of reality will replace what is there by the merits of its predictive power.
In other words, if he had come up with a good idea which explained magnetism to a mathematically more correct or a practically more correct way, then it would make predictions that would come true in the real world.
And they would be easily testable.
That's the whole point.
If you have a hypothesis and it's untestable,
or only its null hypothesis is testable or being tested, then you're not doing science.
And what right now they are discussing is a very disingenuous representation of what's going on here.
I'm going back once.
But I do think that he knows quite a lot about many things and he doesn't know what he doesn't know.
I mean, Neil deGrasse Tyson said that people can know enough to sort of ask questions and stuff, but maybe not enough to know when they're wrong.
In other words, when they're presented with quite complex science that has been peer reviewed and is deemed to be established scientific fact, that he doesn't know enough about the detail to understand why he's wrong to question it.
You mean the Dunning-Kruger effect, as Neil said.
Yeah.
It's kind of ironic, actually, because it feels to me like Neil deGrasse Tyson is himself a victim of the Dunning-Kruger effect.
As his comments about Philip Eddington using the 1919 solar eclipse.
to prove that Einstein's theories about a star warping space, in particular our sun, appear to be borne out.
Neil claims that that was sent to a peer-reviewed journal, whereas peer review doesn't really begin in physics and in the sciences really until the 60s and much more the 70s.
So it's very interesting because Neil himself
doesn't appear conversant in the history of science and reviewing.
So there's a nice one.
That's for sure the truth.
Peer review is not something that these guys went through.
They sent each other's ideas to each other, and then they sent letters back, and they published books, and that's it.
They published treaties, and that's it.
This idea of peer review being a way of, as Neil deGrasse Tyson said, proving something is right or wrong or worthy of publication is exactly the bamboozlement that modern science and academicians engage in.
Isn't the reality of all science a bit like with medicine that a lot of very smart people take a look at a lot of available data, but maybe not enough to reach absolute definitive conclusions.
And they espouse theories which their peer group then look at and discuss and analyze and argue about.
And that's how we progress with science over decades, centuries, and so on.
I mean, isn't this part of the evolution of science?
is that people like you and Neil deGrasse Tyson might vehemently disagree about stuff.
But actually, it's only through the disagreements you develop... But you can only disagree about models of reality.
And then either you test them or you don't.
Either they're testable or they're not.
But it makes it seem like there's so much grey area in reality right now.
There's so much grey area.
The only grey area that exists in physics is in places where they can't experimentally test.
That's it.
That's the only gray areas.
The gray areas are where we can't come up with an experiment.
We can't come up with a collider big enough.
We can't do whatever, then they can't do it.
But that's the beauty of physics.
That's how far we've come with physics, right?
The edge of physics, like practical physics, where you build a rig or you build an experiment or you build an apparatus to test something, this is all just fine.
And we can build state-of-the-art airplanes and all this other stuff.
Engineering physics is just fine.
The only place where people like Eric and Neil deGrasse Tyson can disagree are places where experimentally it's very hard to get, if not outright impossible.
And that's why his theory has something called a ship-in-the-bottle variable.
I mean, can we talk about how stupid that is?
Can you imagine if I had an explanation for how mitochondria work, and one of the things that I said was, well, there's this thing inside of it that I can't really accurately describe, but if you let me call it a ship in a bottle, then I can explain everything else, depending on what that ship in a bottle ends up being when we figure it out.
That's how he claims his alternative view of physics works.
It requires a variable called a ship in a bottle variable.
I don't know how this differentiates from other algebraic and complex variables, but it's called a ship-in-a-bottle variable.
It absolutely is.
Or operator.
This is not a real intellectual here.
He may be very mathematically intelligent.
He may be very, very smart, but he is not on the cutting edge of anything with his new ideas, and that's his main shtick.
He can be really smart, just like I can read an awful lot of biology and still maybe never come up with a new idea myself.
But I can be very, very conversant in all of the ideas of the people around me and the people that came before me.
Doesn't make you a bad guy.
Doesn't make you dumb.
But what Eric Weinstein is the example of is someone who, for whatever reason, either has good ideas but can't express them or doesn't really have good ideas but would love people to believe he does.
And since he's got a really good job working for Peter Thiel and Elon Musk, why would he need to do
you know, wouldn't want to really do it, you know, like Brett wouldn't really want to do research.
He's done a paper on telomeres and then he's supposed to talk about that for the rest of his life, I guess.
Well, but I doubt that he would agree to a probe.
Disagree over decades, centuries and so on.
I mean, isn't this isn't this part of the evolution of science is that people like you and Neil deGrasse Tyson might vehemently disagree about stuff.
But actually, it's only through the disagreements you you you develop.
Well, but I doubt that he would agree to a program where we were going to have a discussion about this.
My guess is that you reached out to him, that he was too busy to appear.
My claim is, is that in general, we avoid dustups.
for fear of looking foolish.
And I think it's fine to avoid dust-ups when you feel that there's an ethical problem with the other person.
But in general, science progresses by a large variety of different channels.
Benjamin Jeste famously observed that his milkmaids weren't dying from smallpox, but they did get cowpox.
So he injected his entire family with cow pus to give them cowpox to prevent against smallpox.
Bad language choice there.
Not very accurate there, Mr. Weinstein.
He didn't inject anybody.
It's not like he could go down to the shop and buy some hypodermic needles that were already sterilized or put them in his fucking, excuse me, in his pressure cooker.
I really apologize for that, but this is terrible.
He injected cowpox, he says.
They didn't inject anything.
It's called variolation and it's gross.
but they did get cowpox.
So he injected his entire family with cow pus to give them cowpox to prevent against smallpox.
That's one of the beginnings of vaccines.
People would dig up bodies from graveyards to do anatomical studies.
Famously, the ulcer.
I wonder if you dug up a rotting body, if you'd risk any other diseases or anything like that, other infections, other weird things, you know?
Like, what are we talking about here?
which was thought to be correlated with stress, was tested by the dissenting heterodox biomedical researcher and shown to have a completely different etiology by using himself as a guinea pig to buy these from graveyards to do anatomical studies.
Famously, the ulcer, which was thought to be correlated with stress,
was tested by the dissenting heterodox biomedical researcher and shown to have a completely different etiology by using himself as a guinea pig.
What did he just say there?
I'm sorry, but I want to smack this guy in his face.
Who is he talking to like that?
What did he say?
Did you hear the words?
A Greek doctor proved that ulcers were just bacterial infections that could be cured by antibiotics.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear him say that?
Cause I didn't hear him say that.
I heard heterodox doctor data did up data.
Did you hear him say that a Greek doctor for 10 years suffered ridicule and tried to publish the idea that ulcers didn't need to be surgically removed, which is what they were doing for 10 years while they ignored this guy in Greece?
Did he tell the story or did he just say nonsense?
tested by the descending heterodox biomedical researcher.
and shown to have a completely different etiology by using himself as a guinea pig.
So what information did you get there?
What information?
Did you get the fact that a doctor figured it out, that it was bacterial and that antibiotics would work instead of cutting ulcers out via surgery?
What is he telling anybody there then?
I think that you have to understand that just as Benjamin Franklin took a kite and key into an electrical storm to prove that lightning was electric.
I'm not sure that Ben Franklin took a key tied to a kite into an electrical storm.
There's something about that as a ham radio operator that doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.
Was he not smart enough to know that he could put a stake in the ground and have the
have the kite be, you know, just, you could tie it to a tree for shit's sake.
If you have a long enough string to fly a kite, then you could tie it anywhere.
I don't get it.
I have a kite right behind me.
I've been flying kites since I was a little kid, all kinds of them, four lines, two lines, one line.
I don't understand why someone would stand in the middle of a field with a kite.
And I just don't get it.
I really don't get it.
electricity.
People have done all sorts of things that have nothing to do with learned societies and the genteel
sort of feel afforded by peer review in order to advance science.
I really think that in part what we've done is we've sanitized our own history.
We've forgotten what works.
What was interesting to me was Neil deGrasse Tyson didn't go on Joe Rogan to respond, which is what Terence Howard wanted him to do.
But you did.
And here's a clip from that.
This is the other side of it.
This is what's very interesting.
Like these, they'll come together and meet.
You can see where they meet up, their natural meeting up.
Now this one looks exactly like this one, but they don't have the same mixture.
So what this is creating, this is actually showing, this is the equal and opposite.
This is matter.
This becomes the antimatter of it.
You can't stop me.
I'm so sorry.
I'm my own worst enemy and my own best friend.
You know what?
That was a beautiful statement.
But what I'm trying to say is the fact that they keep, and these four will keep, this is just the magnetic, what I consider the magnetic field.
You see, you stopped yourself.
I consider this to be the magnetic.
See, if he considers that the magnetic field of an atom or whatever, it should make testable predictions.
Otherwise, it's not a very good model.
But since he says it's based on the negative space between bubbles and it's kind of a better interpretation of platonic solids or some shit like that, to me, the most
absolute rudimentary way to challenge this guy would be to say okay what predictions does your model of the world and universe make that we can test just name one and we'll and we'll we'll tell you that it's already been done we'll show you you see that's the issue here that's the part that i believe terrence and joe rogan unwittingly and eric
engage in this faux sort of discussion where as long as Terrence and Eric appear to agree that they're discussing something that they both understand then Rogan is left to say well I guess I don't understand what they're talking about but clearly they're talking about something because they both agree they're talking about it and now
Eric Weinstein can go on Pierce Morgan and pretend that they were talking about something and that he was calling him out when it was necessary, but not all the time, because sometimes it's pretty interesting shapes he's got here.
Because they're expanding at the center, and magnetism, in my language, magnetism expands out and becomes greater.
And you know when you just said, in my language?
In my language.
That's what I just did with the Terrence product.
You said in your language.
I'm trying to get you to stop pissing my community off.
I don't want to piss him off.
I want friends.
I need friend.
Now, the interesting thing to me is, as we would say in the U.K., it sounded to me like he was talking a load of old cobblers.
And yet you were there and you were being very generous and sort of reasonable.
And I would love to come to Albuquerque, New Mexico and kite buggy.
I did it a couple of times on the beach in the Netherlands, and it is the most
Incredible fun I've ever had on the beach.
Actually, I also did this little sail car kind of thing.
It has a sail and like three wheels.
And those things can move on the beach.
That was also great.
But with a power kite and a cart, it was insane.
I was actually pretty scared at one point.
It went so fast.
I didn't know that that was possible.
and decent with him and allowing him to continue with his theories.
That's attracted for you a lot of criticism that by by engaging in that manner with him you're kind of adding legitimacy to slightly unhinged science fiction rather than promoting the cause of science.
How do you respond to that.
Well, first of all, this is always a scuttlebutt, and people say.
So I'm not very impressed with that.
I would say that you have... But see, that's dumb.
This is supposed to be an interview.
So part of that is a cop-out on the part of Pierce Morgan.
Why not just ask the question?
So by listening to Terrence and entertaining his ideas, aren't you giving them legitimacy that they don't deserve, especially four hours on Joe Rogan?
That's the question he wanted to ask.
He was kind of able to say, yeah, but you know what people say, blah, blah, blah.
What he's not saying specifically is that places like Twitter and Facebook and elsewhere have been corrupted so that the illusion that lots of people are saying this stuff can be created.
And instead of saying, oh, I don't buy into that just because a lot of people are saying it, he is reinforcing the assumption that a lot of people are saying it.
And that it's available and visible on social media, which I would argue is exactly the illusion they want to sustain.
None of this is real.
None of the illusions of consensus you see on social media are real.
Even if some of those people in those lists of people that agree are your friends.
We have to wake up to the illusion that they've created.
I wouldn't say it's mildly unhinged, I would say it's wildly unhinged.
A lot of this stuff is just nonsense, right?
On the other hand, I was very quick to spot something that
I wouldn't have been able to appear with Terrence if I didn't think there was something in what he was doing.
And because I have a lot of background and experience in this area, it was possible for me to go through what he said at a speed that I think very few people would be able to go through his work.
What percentage of what he was saying?
was true or at least vaguely sensible and what was completely- Very little, very little.
So my question, if it was genuinely very little, him getting tens of millions of views for espousing complete nonsense in the main and then someone with your pedigree and your knowledge of this subject matter going on and kind of going along with engaging him as a serious person in these
things.
Is that not in its own way diminishing science when you do that?
First of all, I wouldn't have had Terence on the first time because it didn't do him a service to what he actually is doing that's interesting.
to give him this amount of air.
That was a good friend of mine's choice.
So partially what you're seeing is a relationship.
So now it wasn't even my choice.
It was Joe's choice.
And Joe's my good friend, so I wanted to support him.
And so that's why we did the show.
That's what they're arguing now, which is pretty funny.
I wanted to say that Jay Bhattacharya using the phrase illusion of consensus is by design.
They actually stole that from us.
Or maybe I stole it from them.
I don't know.
You can do the timeline and find out.
But their blog didn't start until May 2023.
And I think I was already using the phrase then.
It's not like I can make up phrases in English that have never been used before.
And the illusion of consensus was something that I was definitely using and certainly beating into the ground.
What I find interesting
about Jay Bhattacharya's podcast and his substack that he started called The Illusion of Consensus is that he started it with a Canadian kid.
And that Canadian kid was promoted first on YouTube by Brett Weinstein.
And so it's a blatant admission that this kid is part of this, you know, meddler network in Canada, which there is a lot of.
And he was promoted with Jay Bhattacharya.
Jay Bhattacharya had already met me three times at Broken Science Initiative, telling me how great it was and how much he'd learned from me.
And yet he decided to start a blog and a podcast titled Illusion of Consensus with someone that Brett Weinstein introduced to the world.
I mean, it's just obvious.
They are a network of people.
They are a network of people that is being influenced and encouraged and given comfort and fame by some weaponized pile of money or piles of money.
That's about all I can say.
And I think the Weinsteins, more Eric and less than Brett, are intimately connected to these weaponized piles of money that are responsible for this chaos.
between a comedian, Joe Rogan, and a mathematician, Eric Weinstein.
Joe's a buddy of mine, and he matters to me.
And he's the one who asked me to come on.
Some people tried to frame it as if I wanted to go on.
I had no interest.
going on, but if we were going to watch a mass delusion... Does he live in Texas?
Otherwise he like had no interest in going on, but he did because why?
I guess to save us from the bullshit.
You know, some people tried to frame it as if I wanted to go on.
I had no interest in going on, but if we were going to watch a mass delusion take
take shape, certainly I don't want any more mass delusions.
And I also don't want the idea that once these ideas are out there, that science is afraid somehow to confront Terence Howard's new theory of arithmetic.
He doesn't have a new theory of arithmetic.
And somebody needs to be the adult and say,
This is not right.
On the other hand, you have to appreciate that all it takes is one great idea to move the world, and a lot of BS is going to be forgiven.
And if he has a great idea, I would suggest to you it's likely his concept
of a six-rotor drone that he calls the linchpin that's based on a mathematical error where he's fit six pentagons through the edges of a regular tetrahedron, giving him six degrees of freedom which span
what we would call the Lie algebra of the affine group, giving him the ability to rotate around a center and move to any point in three-dimensional space.
It's an incredibly cool idea.
Now, I don't know that it's his.
I believe that it's his, but I don't know that.
So I think what he's talking about is a way of arranging the rotors on a drone to give it maximum maneuverability.
And I'm not really sure I'm even buying this idea unless you're talking about something moving in space.
like without gravity.
It's an extremely narrow level of bullshit here that I, unfortunately, I can't, I would have to go back to their video and discuss or listen to what he was saying.
There are plenty of people in the chat in part of our group.
There's a couple of pilots.
We could go into this if we wanted to, to see what it is.
But my assumption is, is that it is some aspect of this geometry that he said, you know, if you make a drone this shape with the,
With the rotors here or whatever that you would be able to do something that other drones have a little harder time doing or something like that.
I don't know.
You're never going to beat a helicopter and a swashplate.
So I don't really understand the everybody getting all excited about it.
The ultimate flying machine has already been made and it's the helicopter.
I don't know why we're worse.
It's silly to debate this.
Doesn't that work?
I'm not a drone operator.
So I don't realize what the state of the art is.
But imagine that that was the only thing that he did and that he figured out that these things could fit together as per the Intel drone shows to form capsids in the shape of dodecahedrons, much the way we see viruses doing that with capsimers and protein coats.
What is he talking about?
He's saying that the drones will assemble into a capsid-like structure and fly around?
Or what in the hell?
holy shit, in three-dimensional space.
It's an incredibly cool idea.
Now, I don't know that it's his.
I believe that it's his, but I don't know that.
I haven't done that work.
I'm not a drone operator, so I don't realize what the state of the art is.
But imagine that that was the only thing that he did and that he figured out that these things could fit together as per the Intel drone shows to form capsids in the shape of dodecahedrons, much the way we see viruses
doing that with capsomeres and protein coats to protect the genetic material.
That's an extraordinary... Oops, I'll just make a parallel between Terrence Howard's drone idea and viral capsid assembly.
And what are we doing?
We are suggesting that these things are definitely real.
That capsids assemble, that they make this dodecahedron shape,
And they may.
They may very well do it.
The point is, is that why is he bringing that up?
There's a million examples of geometry that he could bring up that he doesn't bring up.
Could be an incredible contribution of Terrence Howard.
And the thing that really disgusts me is watching my colleagues make fun of Terrence as easily where he is right as where he is wrong.
It doesn't require that.
He's clearly a self-taught guy.
He pronounces words like canonically, canonically, which indicates that he's teaching himself.
And for all of this talk of the Neil deGrasse Tyson's, where they say, I'm so pleased to see active minds engaging with the world of ideas, they're really not.
And my feeling about this is pretending that Terrence Howard is a fool or an idiot,
is repugnant to me.
I mean, if you just take what he said about tones and the periodic table, because of some good fortune in my life, I was able to go out to none other than one of the greatest musicians now living, Stanley Jordan.
and say, Stanley, let's share your work on playing the periodic table by using the ionization energies as frequency information, much the way Terence was discussing.
So my feeling is that a lot of my colleagues just don't have enough knowledge.
And even though- But lucky he knows like a world class bass player.
And so he could verify that, I guess, hydrogen and carbon are both in the key of E. Did he actually say that?
No.
He said that he went and had some bass player play the periodic table using the ionization energies as frequency information.
He didn't say that he confirmed anything predicted by the model of Terence Howard.
Be very conscious of that.
He may be trying to imply it.
The next question or words out of Piers Morgan may imply it, but that's not what he said.
That's not what happened, you see?
So it's a really, really deceptive little shit game they're playing here.
Tones in the periodic table.
Because of some good fortune in my life, I was able to go out to none other than one of the greatest musicians now living, Stanley Jordan, and say, Stanley, let's share your work on playing the periodic table by using the ionization energies
as frequency information, much the way Terrence was discussing.
So my feeling is, is that a lot of my colleagues just don't have enough knowledge.
And even though they're supposedly the academics sitting in professorial seats, they're not behaving like professors.
They're not behaving like academicians.
They're making fun of me.
Academagicians, what did he say?
That's my word.
What did he say?
Holy shit.
And even though they're supposedly the academics sitting in professorial seats, they're not behaving like professors.
They're not behaving like academicians.
They're making fun of somebody.
Oh, academicians, not academy magicians.
I'm saying academy magicians.
He said academy.
Wow.
They're supposedly the academics sitting in professorial seats.
They're not behaving like professors.
They're not behaving like academicians.
They're making fun of somebody because it allows them to work out their own personal interests.
He said it wrong.
He's probably self-taught.
Exactly.
Nice one.
That's a good dunk.
Securities.
And that's not going to happen on my watch.
It's actually really fascinating, because unless I'm mistaken, what you're saying is, look, you might be wrong about 99% of this stuff, but the 1% might be really significant, which is staggering to me that Terrence Howard has gone through life as a movie actor, is suddenly doing stuff which is, to you, quite groundbreaking in the very complex world of science and mathematics and so on.
It's not in science and it's not in mathematics.
If he's doing something that I recognize, it's in engineering, art, and it's possible that he's doing something, you know, I was able to recognize where his shapes come from, where Neil does not appear to understand, which is fine.
So, you know, there's some very beautiful geometry, but it doesn't appear to me to be at a research level.
And I don't want to conflate
Again, I'm not being, I'm hardly a pushover.
I'm saying he's wrong in chemistry, physics, and mathematics.
In fact, it doesn't rise to the level of a theory that needs to be actively considered.
That said, to dismiss everything he's saying because we can find, you know, sometimes a fly lands in your dish
And you insist that it be taken back at a restaurant.
Other times you just say, you know, five second rule.
You're hungry.
And it's not the fault of the restaurant.
And you just let it go.
And my feeling about this is what Neil did
is really troubling.
What he did is that he advertised a fake openness, which is just submit what your work is to a peer-reviewed journal.
Neil either doesn't know the history of peer review, doesn't know why it's called peer review, has no concept of what peer review actually is, which is bizarre, or he does know, and he's deliberately going to waste Terrence Howard's time because Terrence isn't a peer.
And the whole concept of peer review, the word peer isn't like a jury of your peers.
So now we're agreeing to discuss the idea that peer review requires you to be a peer.
And since Terrence Howard isn't a peer, like he's not an academy magician, he doesn't have a tenure track position, he doesn't have a lab, then no one in peer review is gonna take him seriously, which is a very, very stupid, very, very, very stupid idea.
It's really silly to think that that's the case.
It's not the case at all.
And even if it was, it's not the way that he's portraying it here.
I don't have a faculty position anymore.
And I think you're going to see in the future, me probably having a article or two somewhere.
I don't know if they will be peer reviewed in this sense or if they will just be published.
We are having an argument right now about something we all agree is broken.
The publishing in science is broken.
The p-value thing is broken.
The null hypothesis testing is broken.
Grant calls have broken it.
And yet we're not talking about any of that at all.
Instead, we're spending a lot of time talking about what peer review is or isn't or whether somebody understands what it is or it isn't.
And now we're going to discuss whether or not he's a peer and therefore he's even qualified to get peer review.
fellow citizens.
It's like peers in terms of the House of Lords.
The whole idea of peer review is to keep the laity, the people who don't do science for a living or medicine for a living, out of the review process.
And that's where it was born.
That's why it grew up in the 60s and 70s as peer review.
It was as part of a struggle where scientists wanted to wall off their kingdom and say, look, we are taking public.
See, and so what he's suggesting is it's the scientists that did it.
The scientists did it.
The scientists are bad guys because they don't want to go under scrutiny.
They want to hold all the information to themselves.
It couldn't have been weaponized piles of money.
It couldn't have been the weaponized piles of money of universities.
It couldn't have been the weaponized piles of money of funding agencies.
It couldn't have been any of these people.
It was the scientists who wanted to wall off their knowledge from public scrutiny.
money but we don't want public review.
You're not qualified to be here.
Shut up.
Get out of our lab and let us work.
And that's why it's so fiercely defended is because it's the last ditch effort to keep the laity from interfering in matters that they can't understand.
Science itself has been under probably a bigger public assault in terms of its validity as a result of the COVID pandemic than I can ever remember in my lifetime, certainly.
Is it damaging when everybody on social media suddenly becomes an epidemiologist, whatever it may be, you know, a different type of scientist?
He can't even say epidemiologist right now?
After four and a half years of doing this job, he can't say epidemiologist or whatever it's called?
Wow.
I can't be bothered to read those words anymore.
That's extraordinary.
What a piece of garbage.
Certainly.
Is it damaging when everybody on social media suddenly becomes an epidemiologist, whatever it may be, any different type of science you like, or medical expert, whatever?
When their views get amplified, like Terence Howard, if they're completely wrong, they get amplified and shared gazillions of times, as has happened here with all of the things that he said.
Is it damaging to the integrity of science when that happens?
And is that a unique problem with social media amplifying amateur scientific and medical views?
It's a very interesting question.
I would think... A very interesting question.
I totally agree.
Stop lying!
I think that we would begin somewhere else.
The greatest damage is when we amplify pseudoscientists who happen to be official pseudoscientists.
So when you take
a director of NAIA, National Institute for Allergies and Infectious Diseases, and take that person's contradictory pronouncements.
and you amplify those, then suddenly everybody has to learn what mRNA is because they're trying to make a decision for their child.
And suddenly you've thrust them into advanced biology.
Oh, so they weren't thrust into advanced biology when lateral flow tests and PCR tests were used to quarantine people like from their own 50 year long spouse?
So they weren't put into any jeopardy before the shot was rolled out.
They weren't put into any situation where informed consent might be compromised until the shot came out.
Do you hear how much of a liar this guy is?
This is awful and this is exactly, I mean EXACTLY what they planned to do all along.
This is EXACTLY the script that they've been running the clock out in order to play out.
This is EXACTLY the game they're playing.
in a nutshell for allergies and infectious disease and you take that person's contradictory pronouncements and you amplify those then suddenly everybody has to learn what mRNA is because they're trying to make a decision for their child and suddenly you've thrust them into advanced biology
because you've amplified pseudoscience coming out of the National Institutes of Health.
But they didn't amplify any pseudoscience coming out of the National Institutes of Health when Peter Daszak was publishing with Shengxi Li.
That wasn't amplifying pseudoscience.
When they published Gain of Function,
potential papers in bat caves for years and gain a function as a debate in flu, they weren't spreading any misinformation of the NIH or CDC or who at that time.
The misinformation spreading is explicitly and exclusively dedicated to or focused on and centered on the shot.
That's what
O-G-I-D-W wants to tell us.
A person's contradictory pronouncements, and you amplify those, then suddenly everybody has to learn what mRNA is, because they're trying to make a decision for their child, and suddenly you've thrust them into advanced biology, because you've amplified pseudoscience coming out of the National Institute of Health.
or the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, DTRA.
The failure and the pseudoscience is coming from inside the house or the Defense Threat Reduction Agency into advanced biology because you've amplified pseudoscience coming out of the National Institute of Health.
or the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Whoa!
Well, the Defense Threat Reduction Agency was the guys that were in charge of the sequencing for the first year and a half or so.
And so they did orchestrate the data, which was misconstrued as a spreading novel pathogen.
They controlled all the swabs centrally.
They were brought in maybe because they just wanted to sequence the DNA, you know, like do a restriction enzyme map or amplify everybody's DNA so they could get a sample of it.
I don't know what to tell you ladies and gentlemen, but they're saying this stuff out loud because the panic has set in.
They need desperately to get in front again and they're never going to get in front because they can't get in front of their own lies anymore.
The failure amplified pseudoscience coming out of the National Institute of Health, or the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
The Defense Threat Reduction Agency was also the agency which ran the domain server which purported to find silicoxib, famotidine, remdesivir, and ivermectin.
And so is he stating that the mainstream media, the national security state, amplified misinformation from DITRA?
Because Robert Malone actually worked for DITRA.
So are they still amplifying fake information from DITRA here?
Do you see the problem with this?
This is pretty extraordinary.
He must have read that.
Like mentioning DITRA is not, like of all the things you could have said, you could have just said intelligence agencies or I don't know who.
I'm gonna go back one more time and let you hear it again.
And you amplify those, then suddenly everybody has to learn what mRNA is because they're trying to make a decision for their child.
And suddenly you've thrust them into advanced biology because you've amplified pseudoscience coming out of the National Institute of Health.
or the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, DTRA.
The failure and the pseudoscience is coming from inside the house.
The problem is when a Francis Collins and an Anthony Fauci in private emails can turn their dissenting colleagues, fully competent expert dissident colleagues, like Jay Bhattacharya and his colleagues at Harvard and Oxford, and overnight they become fringe epidemiologists.
Right.
So more or less, which is so now we're again, going back to this idea that the Great Barrington Declaration and those three guys advocating for focused lockdowns just on old people and focused vaccination of old people.
are right and that Tony Fauci and Francis Collins in their private emails made an ass of themselves by calling them fringe epidemiologists like this is all part of the Scooby-Doo episode that all of us were involved in for four years that started already four years ago almost five now
And so the idea that he's talking to Pierce as though this is, you know, my unique cutting-edge take on this is the Scooby-Doo.
This is the exact national security narrative.
It's the exact national security narrative that they were hired to trick us into accepting.
They contracted Twitter and Facebook
and Peter Thiel and private, I don't know, LLCs and podcasters to teach us this narrative and exactly the narrative that he's talking about, about emails and about Senate arguments and about misappropriated funds from USAID.
It's all the same mythology.
And we spent four years trying to figure out that mystery, and that's why it's so hard to pull our heads out.
What you're seeing is not a failure of science.
What you're seeing is a failure of science to disavow public health.
Public health is not science.
Public health is an incredibly bizarre field that tries to straddle two worlds of actual truth and the noble lie.
And as I've said before, the problem is the failure to cancel an ex-spouse's credit card privileges.
When the person takes the credit card on a spree, science did not cancel its credit card.
that it had given to public health.
And so what we had was an incredible destruction of trust in science, which is completely unwarranted, because people who are not acting as scientists, who may have at one time been scientists, but have gone over to public policy, were allowed to lie on science's behalf.
That's a failure.
Yeah, I understand why the credit rating got beaten up.
But what they're talking about is lying about the mRNA.
They're not talking about lying about pandemic potential.
They're not lying.
They're not talking about lying about gain of function.
And they're not talking about lying about the lab leak.
They're not talking about lying about murder in New York City for all of these illusions to take hold.
And this is a giant omission which requires them to not talk about 2020 and 2021.
But for God's sakes, just cut off the credit card and learn where scientists lie and where they do not.
They don't lie generically.
There's nothing wrong with Hooke's law.
There's nothing wrong with the adapter hypothesis.
Whoa, Hooke's law.
Well, let's just...
Let's just see.
What's Hooke's Law?
Anybody know off the top of their head what Hooke's Law is?
Just so we... Hooke's Law is an imperial law that states that the force needed to extend or compress a string by some distance scales linearly with respect to that distance.
It's a law about springs.
Interesting.
And the adapter hypothesis.
If there are any biologists in the neighborhood,
who know what the adapter hypothesis is, please put it in the chat now, because I bet you don't.
Does anybody know what it is?
Adapter hypothesis?
Please tell me you know what it is if you do, because I didn't know.
I never heard it called that before.
Catheter organic, shrugging her shoulders.
Nope.
OK, let's show you what the adapter hypothesis is according to Wikipedia.
What the hell?
Why won't that work?
I'm going to do this, and then I do this.
Does that work?
Yeah, there we go.
The adapter hypothesis is a theoretical scheme in molecular biology to explain how information encoded in the nucleic acid sequences of messenger RNA is used to specify the amino acids that make up proteins during the process of translation.
It's from Francis Crick and he postulated that there must exist a small molecule to precisely recognize and bind the mRNA sequences while amino acids are being synthesized.
synthesized, I didn't think they were synthesized, I thought they were brought in by transfer RNA.
The hypothetical adapter molecule was later established to be here, here there are two unknown nucleic acid transfer RNA.
So the adapter hypothesis was a hypothesis that there would be another molecule that would adapt the
the mRNA code to whatever changes it to a protein.
And there would have to be something that would adapt or match to it.
And that would be later discovered transfer RNA.
So it's part of this whole central dogma of molecular biology.
But for some reason, the physicist
polymath named Eric Weinstein just says the adapter hypothesis and nothing else.
And there's no doubt in Hooke's law, which is about springs and the adapter hypothesis, which is about the canonical idea of RNA, DNA, RNA to protein and the role that mRNA and transfer RNAs play in that
in that physiology.
So it's an extraordinary statement.
I want to play it again to make sure that you hear exactly how hardcore it is.
That's a failure.
I understand why the credit rating got beaten up, but for God's sakes, just cut off the credit card and learn where scientists lie and where they do not.
They don't lie generically.
There's nothing wrong with Hooke's law.
There's nothing wrong with the adapter hypothesis in biology.
That statement right there leads me to believe that there's definitely something wrong with the adapter hypothesis in biology.
And the adapter hypothesis really is at the center of the idea that we are DNA to RNA through a ribosome to protein and that everything else outside of that is outside of us.
Retroviruses are pathogens.
RNA viruses are pathogens.
DNA anteroviruses are pathogens.
They're all things that are outside of us that need to be understood as things that we exist despite of.
So there's nothing wrong with the adapter hypothesis is something that this physicist mathematician should not be saying unless it's part of his script.
Stop lying!
There's nothing wrong with most of what we consider to be science.
We lie in very special places out of necessity.
out of necessity you mean like about gain of function and the presumed pathogenic sorry uh pandemic potential that exists in nature you see he says it without saying it he says it in such an obvious way that it's almost laughable
Could bring in the other two guests now to debate actually what you've been saying.
Professor Brian Keating, cosmologist from San Diego University, and Tom Bellio, who's the Impact Theory podcast host.
Professor Keating, your response to what you've just been hearing from Eric?
Well, I think scientists, I mean, I don't know what the impact theory guy has done before he started a podcast, but if they introduced me as the host of a podcast and put me on with, with two other people that were going to claim expertise, I would just log out.
Like, what is this?
Why would he be there?
What is his expertise?
Why is he going to talk with the polymath, Eric Weinstein, and servant of Peter Thiel, and the cosmologist?
What is he doing there?
Other than because he's part of the Intellectual Dark Web pseudo-intellectual podcast network.
We have a responsibility.
Eric's known for coining the term the intellectual dark web.
And I feel like as scientists, we have a responsibility to keep the environmental, intellectual environment clear of pollution.
And I feel like there is a tendency, because of this anti-authoritarian moment that we seem to be in, to view science as authoritarian.
And then to rebel against it, we look to heroes and people like Terrence or Candace Owens or people like Tucker Carlson, and they get enormous platforms because of their social media stature.
But to me, you know, to listen to people who have no domain expertise and no proven track record is an affront to actual practicing scientists.
And it's fine to have a hobby.
It's fine to do things out of an avocation, a love for it.
But it's a bit, to me, an example of the halo effect, which is a cognitive bias.
And you have people you're listening to.
In some cases, it's akin to listening to your friend peers, Andrew Tate, for marital advice.
He may be a great MMA star, and Terrence may be a great actor, but that gives them no and confers no benefit to their scientific practices.
And it'd be like me going onto the set of Iron Man and trying to be like Terrence.
You would laugh me off the stage, and rightfully so.
That's just ridiculous that one craft is equal to another, that intellectual thinking and philosophy and natural science is the same as acting.
And so if you have a skill as an actor, then you've developed it just like if you have an understanding of physics, you've developed it.
It's really, it's really incredible, right?
Like it's really, really incredible.
And they're not acknowledging the fact that first and foremost, as an actor, it would be very easy for him to do what he's doing with cooperation of Eric Weinstein.
Like it's possible that the only two people in on this joke are Eric and Terrence.
It's possible.
I have to look at and examine these claims that amateurs can do good science.
You know, Eric pointed out in the interview that there's some babies in with the bathwater, and I'd love to ask my dear friend Eric to expound upon those particular babies, because to me, to say that there might be some angle or something like that or some drone, it sounds to me a little bit like damning with faint praise as well, because
If you go through and there's 97 patents that he claims he has, we go through them, we find out that very few of them have been granted.
There may be a couple that have been granted.
You go through one times one equals two.
Eric demonstrated clearly that's not the case.
You go through the periodic table, his idea- But the whole point of the patent thing to realize from the perspective of the Joe Rogan podcast that
that Eric Weinstein was on was when the patents were brought up, Eric did not want to talk about them because he said the patents don't prove anything.
He didn't want to talk about it because his dad's an IP, a patent lawyer.
He knows exactly what patents do and how they can be used, how they can be used to create the illusion of value, how they can be used to create the illusion of something existing that doesn't exist.
If you patent something, it doesn't mean that it works.
and especially in certain scenarios with certain cases, the patent office spends about 20 minutes on each application at most.
And so, you know, with the right set of lawyers and the right language, you can patent something that's not necessarily real.
You can patent something in a broad, broad way, like Robert Malone did when he patented all genetic vaccines somehow.
And so this kind of,
It's intellectual dishonesty when they talk about things like this.
And again, is it four people agreeing or a couple people agreeing about what the important questions are?
And as long as those important questions are squarely in the middle of the limited spectrum of debate and the presuppositions of the state are reinforced, or at least not questioned,
Then Pierce Morgan can get all feisty, and so can Weinstein, and so can this cosmologist.
And then they can defer to the podcast guy who can just say that, you know, I'm one of these guys who learned a lot from podcasting.
And every time somebody comes on my show, it sure is enlightening for me.
They're completely wrong there.
His claims about gravity and building planets, that he's built the planet Saturn or it comes out of a biological digestive process of the sun, these things are completely fallacious.
So I think there's a danger and it's a symptom of the halo effect.
Just a point about Andrew Tate, he's a friend of mine, he's someone I've interviewed.
I think also this talk of the Dunning-Kruger effect, the talk of the halo effect, these are all things that are designed to trap you inside of their limited spectrum of debate, to pretend to you that there are phenomenon that are well understood and very, very seductive.
And so it's very likely that most of these people are just falling into this, you know, you don't have free will anyway.
And so this kind of discussion, rather than using simple words like coordinated lying, or ridiculous, or these models of reality fall flat on their face if you try to test them experimentally, rather than putting any meat on this discussion, these people are
doing the exact opposite and with extraordinary skill.
Three times, but the point I make about him, I had this debate with someone the other day, is he has a huge following on social media, regardless of whether people like me interview him.
At least when I interview him, I get a chance to challenge him.
And I've really noticed when young men in particular come up to me in the street, which they do with alarming regularity about Andrew Tate, that actually the conversation I have with them has moved from,
God, you know, Andrew Tate, isn't he amazing, blah, blah, blah, too.
I really liked it when you challenged him about this, this, and this.
In other words, shining a light on people like Andrew Tate, actually challenging them on a big platform, I see tangible impact on the street.
Curiously, there was an international COVID sub in November 16th and 17th in Romania, very close to where Andrew Tate lives.
It's kind of cool.
Maybe, you know,
Jessica Rose and Robert Malone had a whiskey with him or something like that.
You never know, they might all like cigars.
Those challenges kicking through into people's consciousness, in a way they wouldn't if he was just able to do his thing slightly below radar on social media without ever being challenged.
So that's my kind of theory about why I interview people like him.
which is in itself open to debate, obviously.
Eric, just in that response to the babium bathwater, what would you say to Brian Keating's point there?
Well, I tried to say it already, that if you take the vertices of a tetrahedron as measured from the centre, you're looking at an angle of the arc cosine of minus one third, which is about 109.47 in degrees,
And if you take the interior angles of a regular Pentagon, it's 108.
So 108 is not 109.47.
But it is close enough so that within engineering tolerances, you can put six of these motors into a regular tetrahedron.
and then you can potentially, therefore, traverse all of the dimensions needed to orient the object around its center of mass and to move it to any point in three-dimensional space.
I've stated that clearly to any technical person who wants to hear it.
It may be that there's prior art, and it may be that it doesn't end up being that interesting because of the tolerances or it's too difficult to work, that's fine.
But I've already stated what the baby is,
And further, you know, Brian, I was very... I think one of the things that's going on with that drone idea is the idea of not thinking about how real drones move.
I got to believe that what they're talking about is like an ideal arrangement of rotors
that at a steady, you know, I don't understand it for sure, but I think they're making an argument that is absolutely dumb.
Again, mainly I would argue it's dumb because three-dimensional flight has already been solved with a helicopter.
It can't be done any better than that.
And if it can be done better, it's not arrangement of static rotors around a three-dimensional space in a very special way like Terence Howard claims to.
And this guy claims is somehow a mathematical error solution to some combination of mathematical concepts, which he keeps repeating but never explaining.
And that's how you know.
That's how this happens, right?
That's how we got where we are.
surprised that you just corrected me on social media.
Now, of course, we're friends, and so I don't mind having this back and forth.
But you've stated that in my field that peer review is much older than Ghislaine Maxwell, who was born in 1961.
And you cited a bunch of journals in physics.
And in fact, that's simply not true.
So now we're talking about the history of peer review again.
So we're jumping from question to question.
We were just talking about Andrew Tate a few seconds ago.
Like this is not informing people.
What this is, is exactly what the intellectual dark web and its progeny were designed to do.
They were designed to create a very lively debate within the limited spectrum of the presuppositions of the state.
In part,
Well, I have Melinda Baldwin's article here, which says, however, most papers accepted for physical review never went out to referees at all.
The editor accepted most papers on its own authority, consulting referees only when he thought he might want to reject a paper.
It was not until the 1960s that all physical review papers were sent out for external referee opinion.
More or less, peer review comes out of Utah,
in 1972 through Senator Wallace Bennett's amendment that forced- That's weird because there was a real recent, who said it?
Somebody said that Jazane Maxwell's dad is responsible for peer review.
I don't remember where I saw that.
I'm sure I probably saw it on Twitter, that crap hole, but.
This is the issue into the NIH framework because the Medicare Act was established.
Yes, seriously, using Jazain Maxwell as an age is odd.
That's what I think actually also triggered my remembering that I thought they said that Robert Maxwell did that.
So it's really strange.
1965 making the U.S.
taxpayer.
Did Weinstein say that on Rogan?
Nice.
Why didn't he say it here then?
Isn't that weird?
I think that's bizarre.
Responsible for medical payments that they suddenly wanted access to knowing why are we paying all of this money to doctors without the ability to question them.
So you know in part what I'm astounded by
is that we're not even aware of our own history.
If George.
So I'm aware of our own history.
I'm learning more all the time.
Edward Bernays actually in his book said the doctors were really important because people believe doctors whether they're right or wrong.
That's the truth.
Green the Miller.
with no formal education, mailed off a solution to an inversion problem for differential operators, which is what gives us Green's functions, which Feynman made famous.
He didn't have any training whatsoever.
It's in part very dangerous to be offended
when people listen to what we say and they then say, I keep hearing that science is for everyone and that mathematics is a great place to play, there are no bad questions.
And then when they appear to take an interest, we cut their heads off.
And my feeling is that I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to state what this is.
This is an elite activity.
It's elite the way a violinist is elite.
It's elite the way a surgeon is an elite brain surgeon.
You're not going to have somebody say, hey, I've been doing brain surgery in my backyard on my family members, and I'm ready for prime time.
We are not honest about the extent that this is an elite community.
And the last thing that I would add to what you said is... Okay, so I'm getting a little signal in the chat from Pamela about promise.
Now, this is partly going back to Bill Barr because Bill Barr was also involved in the promise thing.
Now, my problem with this is a lot of times, and this is kind of in a public apology to Pamela, I don't have the...
the cognitive space sometimes to address all the things that people were putting in soapbox up until now.
And Pamela is one of these people who doesn't just, you know, put a link.
It's a link with an explanation and it requires some, you know, you have to know your history better than I do.
That's the worst part of the position that I'm in as a biologist, that I'm still having to go back and realize how many of these assumptions are still working in the background.
The idea that there was a patient reported outcome measurement information system established in 2004 with the funding of NIH.
and that Bill Barr was involved in it.
It's very, very interesting roadmap to medical research.
The idea that the University of Pittsburgh was involved, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
They chose some very prominent players in the national security, biosecurity state to be a part of this.
And it was still going on until 2014, at least, as far as I can see here.
And they funneled a lot of money to these universities in order for this system to go.
And so if this information was stolen, and it was stolen by a foreign power, and Bill Barr is tied up into that, this is a really big rock to open up.
Is Bill Barr's promise is different, I think?
I'm not sure that that's the case, and we should check that.
It's the land-grant university system with Harl, Yale, Carl, okay, okay, I see, okay.
So let me just make sure that I know what I'm doing here, and I'm gonna look into this, I promise that for sure.
But the problem is, where are the dissident scientists who don't go along inside of the university system, inside of the research institutions?
If you had them, they would have been tarred and feathered.
Pamela says it's the same promise, and now he's saying that people inside of academia going against this would have been tarred and feathered.
Well, interestingly enough, his brother knows that I was thrown out.
They just told me to go home and not come back and they quietly paid my salary out until October.
So yes, when people spoke out about transfection, when people spoke out about the lab leak or the coverup or whatever, people were thrown out.
It's correct.
It's just funny because him and his brother probably know my name and know my story and are telling this as if they don't.
Inside of the university system, inside of the research institutions,
If you had them, they would have been tarred and feathered during DEI because they would have said, who are these foreign intruders into the academic arena?
We must fire them and get them out.
Claudine Gay could never have become president of Harvard.
What we've done is we've gotten rid of all of the dissenting experts.
And the dissenting experts who are going to get up and at the top of their lungs
say, hey, we've got a disaster in theoretical physics at the moment.
We have an abomination in the way in which we are pretending that random mutation is decidedly the main engine
of Darwinian selection.
We're going to pretend that neoclassical economics is on solid ground.
All of these things are just absolutely silly.
And effectively, there are no professors who are standing up in good standing as experts doing the job that now Candace Owens is going to fill.
And I promise you that it's more expensive to get rid of your dissenters who actually know what they're talking about than it is to open it up to a public that wonders whether they've just shortened the life of their child by giving them an unnecessary experimental pseudovaccine.
All right, let me bring in- Pseudovaccine.
Still can't say it.
He still can't say a already understood methodology.
They just can't say it.
It is absolutely malevolent.
Let's talk to Tom.
Tom, you've been waiting very patiently.
Tom, what's your perspective on this?
So I think the key thing to understand is if you're arguing at the level of the specifics of the science, you have already lost.
So the goal here has to be to understand that we are living in the age of conspiracy.
And that is the problem.
When I saw the interview with Terrence Howard and Joe Rogan the first time, I just about dislocated my finger dialing Eric to call him up to be like, hey, you have to refute this stuff.
And so he has Eric Weinstein's phone number, which is also an admission.
The reason that I was very excited to see that he went on and did that and did that so well, Eric, you are a national treasure, is that it does not matter to me what the elites think in isolation.
All that happens is if people have an idea that hits a critical mass, they begin to bifurcate.
I mean, this is like the multiverse where we no longer have a shared vision of what is true.
That has second and third order consequences that I think are going to be terrifying for the nation.
And when you have a thinker like Eric who can actually go through and say, hey, let me steal, man, what I have heard you say, which Joe and Terrence would not let him do, which I was mortified by because he should have just laid it out here.
Here are the base assumptions.
Wow.
This is the most amazing theater ever.
I bet the guy in the white shirt doesn't know.
And I bet Pierce doesn't know.
Maybe Pierce knows, but man oh man, these two intellectual dark web dudes are cooperating for sure, and that's why he's blowing so much sunshine up.
up this hole and then we're going to build up from that now the reason that i want that to happen is when an idea whether it is terrible whether it is obviously terrible whether every elite person in the world who does science is like this is the worst idea ever you have i can't help but see him in that intellectual dark web photograph with the black umbrella over him like that that's who he is to me understand because
of a whole host of things, but certainly COVID being a nice mile marker for us.
It broke people's trust in elites to lead us properly.
It broke our trust in science.
And so now you must, if in fact, I will say scientists, I love you all, you have no obligation to do what I'm saying.
I beseech you as somebody who wants society to move forward well, that if an idea hits a certain level of critical mass,
in the public's awareness even if you hate it you are going to have to address it if you want to lead us well forward but you have to do it based on base assumptions so that anybody following along at home that's trying to build their thinking up can go oh I actually understand Terrence's base assumptions one times one equals two
Uh, all things are in motion.
There's no straight lines like things that, okay.
Have I understood your position perfectly?
Terrence?
Yes, Eric, you have.
Okay.
Amazing.
Now I'm going to walk through each of those base assumptions and show you which ones are broken and how that is going to make the rest of your sequencing fall apart.
If people would just stay focused on utility, these beliefs work in the real world.
We would be in a much better position.
That's what I want to see more of.
Okay, let me bring Brian in.
Before I come to you, Brian, though, I want to play a clip from Candice Owens.
This was several days after the debate that... He did what he had to do.
That was what he was set up to do.
That was what he did.
Now he can take a drink and relax.
And now I said it.
It's cool.
Another 10,000 followers today.
Rogan and Terence Sapp.
why I am now rejecting the cult of science.
So many things that they've lied to us about.
Vaccines, birth control, people that are being injured, and we just accept everything.
What I said was that science has become a pagan faith.
Yes, that's what I actually believe.
You want to say that NASA has satanic origins and so on.
Now I interviewed Candace myself recently and she's she's a bona fide anti-vaxxers and believe in vaccines at all.
And she has a big following and lots of people like her out there now saying that because there have been legitimate areas of concern.
around the COVID vaccines, that everything about them is flawed and wrong.
And therefore, all the scientists who promoted them are the devil.
And this stuff gathers momentum.
I see it spreading like wildfire.
She also says that Emmanuel Macron's wife is a man, despite having had three kids, and so on.
And these things gather their own momentum.
And whilst on one level it's sort of humorous, on another level it's actually, I think, very damaging, because it means that scientists can never be wrong again.
Because if they're wrong about any one aspect of a big thing like a COVID pandemic, which is fast moving and evolving and changing, if they're wrong about... That's extraordinary.
See, so he's reinforcing the novel virus, the fact that a million people died and that millions more were saved and that it might have come from a lab, but that's probably ridiculous.
But in any case, a virus is going to come again because Mother Nature did it.
And so we all agree that it's evolving and that it moves very fast, and this is all bullshit.
But these are the presuppositions of the state that must be reinforced by this limited spectrum of debate because you're not even going to question them.
we're just gonna reinforce them.
We'll state that we all agree here, Tom and the dude in the white shirt and Eric and Pierce all agree that this is a changing, evolving situation with a novel virus.
Scientists can never be wrong again, because if they're wrong about any one aspect of a big thing like a COVID pandemic, which is fast moving and evolving and changing, if they're wrong about any aspect of it, the whole thing,
gets trashed by this community here's this this is why we have to understand that this is about the age of conspiracy the very thing that eric i agree with you about that yeah is to say science is about figuring out where we are wrong and if scientists stake their reputation as they have done over the last four or five years entirely on always being right then if i can pull one thread and it falls apart everything is dead but if science
just gets behind Feynman's statement that this is about distrusting experts and figuring out where they're wrong.
Now it can become a far more fruitful pursuit of what actually works.
Okay, Brian, your thoughts on that?
Yeah, Tom, just because someone's an expert doesn't necessarily mean that you have to distrust them.
When you look at something, there's a concept called Brandolini's law.
Here we go.
Now we're at a Dunning-Kruger effect, a halo effect, and now we're doing somebody's law.
Brian, your thoughts on that?
Yeah, Tom, just because someone's an expert doesn't necessarily mean that you have to distrust them.
When you look at something, there's a concept called Brandolini's Law, which my kids are nearby, so I'm not going to say it in its full terms.
But it's basically that it's 10 times easier to produce something that's BS than it is to refute it.
Therefore, the world is full of unrefuted BS.
To put that on scientists, to make us the intellectual SEAL Team 6,
where we can never be wrong.
The terrorists only have to be right once.
And everyone else is relying on us, SEAL Team 6, that we're never wrong.
To put that in perspective, you know, when you listen to people like this, Candace tweeting from her laptop and
enabled by technology that was invented at Bell Labs, that was the byproduct of the space race, which she also denies, moon landings and so forth.
We're not in new age.
We're in a pre-scientific age where people can, unfortunately, spread not scientific truth,
via scientific proof, which Eric, I'm sorry to say, my academic genealogy goes back 17 generations.
Every single one of those people, including my students, I'm now in my third generation.
I have graduate students.
You know, Pamela points out something that this has never been different, right?
Mark Twain said that a lie circles the globe before the truth gets its pants on.
So this is a reality
It is a reality that it was true before social media has become weaponized against us as a result of social media.
And these people want to pretend that it is not the state.
and not our governing structure, not weaponized piles of money that have weaponized this control, this manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses.
They are not using that against us.
It is the nature of humanity and bad guys and bad people to lie that is a weakness of this otherwise near utopian communication system.
Twitter is near-utopian Main Street Town Square.
Nearly utopian, but not quite, mostly because human nature brings out assholes.
It has nothing to do with coordinated liars telling us a mythology in order to govern us by it, and that these people are part of it.
It has nothing to do with that, of course.
What it is, is that there's just so many bad people in the world.
and so easy for those bad people to put out bad ideas.
They have their own graduate students.
They've all been through peer review.
We didn't have Pergamon Press and Robert Maxwell.
That is true.
Einstein published almost all of his famous papers that were done by peer review.
In fact, the discovery of gravitational waves, one of the most revolutionary discoveries in all of science.
That prediction, he first tried to get submitted in the early 1930s, and he didn't want to get it peer reviewed, and there was an error in it.
He said it would never be detected.
Imagine that.
Einstein made a mistake.
But thanks to peer review, that paper was published in 1936, and it went on to win the Nobel Prize for some of my good friends.
I've interviewed 20 Nobel laureates on my own.
It's not thanks to peer review.
It could have been published without peer review.
Adventure would have happened.
That's the part about this.
That's so ridiculous the other thing that You saw happen here, and you probably didn't all miss it looks like Daniel in the chat didn't miss it There's an illusion of consensus here among these four people that the moon landing is not worth questioning anything about it Right that just happened and because nobody said well hold on a minute I
No, done.
A podcast.
And three of them won the Nobel Prize for the discovery of the thing that Einstein thought was impossible.
We can go back many, many generations.
And yes, they didn't have presses.
Of course, the printing press was only... I mean, is Eric really listening at this point?
Or is he just realizing that, okay, this is what he's going to do now.
And then I'm going to do the next thing.
What is Eric doing here?
Has he engaged in a discussion with this guy or not?
Because it looks like he's paging through the notes that he had pre-printed out.
A relatively recent invention.
But you go to the peer review process.
Look at this!
Not far from where Peers is right now is the Royal Society, and also not too far away is the Royal Institution.
I've been to both places.
I've lectured there.
And when you go to those places,
Yes, there wasn't a press, but you gather your peers around you and you do an experiment and that experiment would either fail or pass in real time and you would get feedback from a jury, a real jury of your peers.
okay eric it's interesting watching oh he just commented to someone next to him so again he had to go on mute it's impressive somebody was telling him to go on mute this guy right here this guy got told to go on mute right after he talked watch watch him end and that experiment would either fail or pass in real time and you would get feedback from a jury okay jury okay eric it's interesting watching elon musk did you see it he said yes
I was with him actually the other day.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I have to respond to that.
Okay.
What you just said is not true.
You know, it's just, the fact is, is that Einstein, for the most part,
Sorry, that was John Tate, who was the editor at Physical Review before Simon Pasternak, before Sam Goudschmidt.
Yes, it is true that most of Einstein's work was not peer-reviewed.
That's why he was incensed.
He'd never sent another paper to Physical Review.
Did he say his kids were in the room?
Sorry, I missed that.
If I'm not incorrect, please check me on it.
Was that paper peer-reviewed?
There was one paper with Rosen that was peer-reviewed, which incensed Einstein because he was used to not being peer-reviewed.
until peer review pointed out by Eddington helped out as well and said that there was an error in the calculation.
Peer review is not referee review, right?
We had external referees that were occasionally sought.
But what you cite about the Royal Society is in fact an error introduced into the literature by Merton, the famous historian of science,
who is the father of the Merton, of Black Scholes Merton fame.
And that was an erroneous claim that peer review began, I think, in the 1700s.
What we currently call peer review is far more recent.
And it is fantastic to find out that our professor does not know
the history of peer review in its own subjects.
Because what we have is we have a chorus of people with the highest credentials repeating a fable.
And we can't always tell when we've been.
Just that it's a limited spectrum of debate.
So that's the fable that they're talking about is going to be limited to the history of peer review, the role of peer review, and all these things that aren't related to
anything to do with the fundamental principles of why we have a biosecurity state, the danger of gain of function, and the idea of a pandemic.
None of that will ever be questioned here.
But, you know, whether or not the pseudo vaccines... But I would submit to you, sir, that despite your pedigree, in general, your predecessors were not peer reviewed.
in any modern sense of the term, before the 1970s, certainly before the 1960s.
The beginning of forms for external referees begins, I think.
What you should realize if you're following along is that there is an alternative to peer review that was going to be blockchain oriented and that Kevin McKernan has been advocating for for a long time.
and has given presentations about throughout the pandemic.
So there is a solution coming to this peer review problem, I assure you.
And the guy from the Human Genome Project has already been queued up with a blockchain story about how that could be fixed.
I shit you not.
And actually he's already presented it to the Steve Kirsch podcast and a lot of other places.
And so again, yes, we are talking about things that have been queued up for years.
People that were queued up with these ideas for years, and they are pawning them off as though they are just spontaneous, you know, actors.
Spontaneous people trying to do their best.
That's not the case.
Just like him and that other guy from Impact Factor being complimentary to each other in this podcast is not accidental.
They work together.
They're part of the same narrative network.
I think in the 1930s under John Tate, I just don't think you know the history.
I do know it, and in fact, I invite you to go down to the Royal Institution next time you're in London, and you'll see pictures of Michael Faraday, of J.J.
Thompson, of Eddington.
You'll see them.
Look at the face.
This is a performance.
This is a theater.
These people were recruited.
They are producing propaganda, and it's disgusting.
In front of audiences, was there a peer review process before journals?
When would the journal nature start?
a
wants to chew through their TV set right now or their laptop as they're listening to this and the reason is they don't care about this.
It's already done.
Hold on, let me finish.
The world cares about people like they want to hear what Joe Rogan has to say.
They want to hear who goes on his show.
They are absolutely going to listen to Candace.
I think, Brian, you brought that up.
Candace is about to sweep the world.
And if I could just get you guys on board with the reality that we are in a very difficult moment right now where, yes, you guys are being asked to do a public service, which is to collide with these people who do not have your scientific bona fides, but the average person does not care, but they will actually listen to your collision of ideas for sure, because I took a lot away
from you talking to Terrence.
And the first time I heard Terrence, I was like, maybe this is genius.
I don't know.
You know, it's so interesting.
I was going to say, actually, Eric, earlier that I saw Elon Musk recently, met him for the first time, and he did a fascinating Q&A about everything from colonising Mars to humanoid robots and so on.
But I also, we talked about X and his purchase of Twitter and then taking to X. One of the best things I've seen in terms of populist peer review is community notes now on X.
where I often see things which are spinning around, which are complete nonsense.
Here we are talking about X again.
So for four years, we've been talking about X as the center of social media.
And that is by design, because these people work for Elon Musk and for Peter Thiel.
And you see a very well-sourced community note.
killing it, and it does seem to have an effect, because that in itself, because it's happening in the same medium, starts to also spread like wildfire and tends to kill them quite quickly.
Are you a fan of what Elon is doing with X?
Is this helping it as a populist peer reviewing?
Right.
Yeah.
Again, this is, you know, this is one of these Wild West conversations where it's not peer review.
The whole concept of peer review is peer.
And community notes is community.
Right.
And so in a certain sense the point is it's an anti peer review.
It's working pretty well right now.
But keep in mind that Wikipedia worked pretty well until people figured out how to game it.
Right.
So my concern is is that what you're looking at with peer review and with
Community Notes, which is anti-peer review, if you will, is technologies that are in the process of being probed and gamed.
And just to refute what Tom was saying before, Tom, I don't disagree at all.
We are going to have to deal with the Candace phenomenon.
But the reason the Candace phenomenon is happening
is that you don't have any expert dissident opinion.
If you have five professors shout me down that I don't know what I'm talking about with respect to peer review, and I happen to be completely right, I will be told that I'm not an academic despite the fact that we all speak the same language and have the same credentials.
What is going on is that the world is not crying out for Candace Owen.
It's crying out for where is the physician with my daughter's interests at heart?
Where is the biologist who's willing to stand up to a Tony Fauci and say, I completely disagree?
Why?
It's not Bret Weinstein, okay?
That might be implied here, but it's not Bret Weinstein, because for two and a half years, he had no principles, no knowledge, and couldn't teach anything useful, and still can't say transfection is what this is.
Transformation is what the J&J shot was, and transduction is what they used to call it before the pandemic.
They won't say it because they're liars.
It's an illusion of consensus.
He says it, fake consensus.
That's what they did to us.
That's what they're doing to us.
That's how it's done.
We are governed by mythology.
are basically determined by getting rid of the people who won't shut up and who won't sit down and who won't sing from the hymnal.
And what I'm trying to say is what you just saw was an interchange between two colleagues with a great deal of love and respect for each other.
on an issue where I'm claiming that the good professor is simply an error.
And if you had somebody saying that around the Wuhan lab and the origin of COVID, or the potential danger of the vaccines, or the liability regime in which they were negotiated, that this is an abomination, that we can't sue the manufacturers.
We never could.
We couldn't sue him before the pandemic either.
This is bullshit and totally disingenuous nonsense.
You would have a totally different world.
Nobody would be listening to Candace Owens.
They would be trying to track Jay Bhattacharya.
They would be trying to track all of the experts.
See, Jay Bhattacharya, again, mentioned as a guy who we have to pay attention to, and I'm sorry, but...
The last time Jay talked to me, his only real advice for me was to focus on the biology and stop talking about Robert Malone.
After seeing me three years in a row, talking to me three years in a row, taking selfies, that guy's done nothing for my family.
He's not even a subscriber.
He's never even donated $10 one time.
None of them have, don't you see?
None of them have.
And I am actually a guy.
I am actually a guy without a substack, huge following, without any of this support, without any, I'm just a guy.
And when I was working for Bobby, they ignored me.
When I was working for CHD, they ignored me.
And since I've been fired from CHD, they ignore me because that's all they can do because my biology is exactly what they don't want us to learn.
My subtle take on how the no virus idea could have been used against us as a blunt weapon for four years is not something they want to talk about.
They do not want an article about that.
Who were standing up with their interests at heart.
The big problem in the United States is we used to have experts in the right chairs who dissented.
And now what you have is a group of people who know to keep their head down.
Brian, I just want to end with just quick thoughts from you and Tom before we finish.
Give me some hope about the future of science.
Clearly, I think it's indisputable that science and the integrity of science and scientists has never been under a bigger attack than it is today.
A lot of it fuelled by conspiracy theorists and social media.
Give me some hope for the future of science and its integrity.
I think the hope comes from my students, the people that I work with, the incredible breakthroughs that I've been witness to both personally and part of a team of 300 scientists that are working to uncover what happened during the first nanosecond in the cosmos' history.
What kind of breakthroughs do we now unlock knowing that the universe is suffused with dark energy?
What do we learn about the future, possibly with new technology, like high temperature, room temperature, superconductivity, or perhaps fusion?
That's never been a more exciting time to be a scientist.
And to hear about science, it's best days are behind us.
I think that's nonsense.
On the other hand, we have to guard against conspiracy theories and flat earthers and all sorts of anti-vaxxers and things like that, because there is always a grain of truth.
As Isaac Asimov said, if you believe the earth is flat, you're wrong.
But if you believe it's perfectly round two, you're also wrong, but you're less wrong.
And I think that what we want to do as scientists is not be held to this impossible secret service level of we can't make a single mistake.
Recognize that we do make mistakes, but science is self-correcting.
And part of that self-correction mechanism has to do with being analyzed by your peers.
Whatever Eric and I disagreed with about in the past, today peer review is perhaps, as I like to say, it's the worst system for gauging scientific process except for all the rest.
Tom.
All right.
So the thing that I really want to make sure that I'm being heard on, uh, Brian, cause you keep repeating, we shouldn't be held to this, uh, team seal team six level of perfection.
What I'm saying is silent.
Uh, science has a branding problem.
You guys created a branding problem.
I'll just say during COVID where it was, uh, Hey, everybody listened to us and everything is going to be fine.
The branding masks don't work by
See, the branding problem of science did not happen during COVID.
That is an illusion.
What they want you to believe is that it all started with COVID.
It all started with the rush.
It all started with the panic.
It all started with Trump.
It all started with misinformation.
It all started with a cover-up.
No!
They have been lying about pandemic potential.
They set it up.
They set Brett Weinstein up.
They set Eric up.
They set Joe Rogan up before the pandemic to make sure that they could control this narrative.
So when that happened, that's not when it started.
That was when the theater was taken to a new level, a new height, when the pressure was turned up.
And so that is a misconception that he is enforcing for them, that his, I just want to make sure that I'm being very clear about.
I mean, he could be unwittingly involved.
He could just be doing what Eric tells him to do because he's such a good friend and he trusts him because Eric is a polymath super genius and he's got him on his cell phone that when Eric says, I need you to come on Piers Morgan with me and make a couple points,
Of course he's gonna do it.
But save them for the health workers because they need them.
It's like, so everyone's brain starts skitching out.
Also, no one has talked about social media yet.
Social media, this is done.
The horses are out of the stable.
The toothpaste is all over the floor.
The genie has flown out of the bottle.
We are living in a reality where everybody is a publisher.
Everybody is going to say things and people are screaming out for Candace Owens.
I'm telling you right now, as somebody, I'm almost sure I'm going to disagree with every word out of her mouth.
And yet I am utterly fascinated by how she has already captured people in terms of their imagination, because this is what they want.
As a marketer, I can tell you, you guys are terrible.
Like if I have to mark you, oh, God, even though I look at Eric and I'm like, is this the smartest human I've ever encountered?
For sure.
Do I want him at my house just whispering in my ear all the things to do?
Absolutely.
My life would be way better.
How?
I wonder if he whispers in Peter Thiel's ear about what technologies to invest in.
However, from a marketing perspective.
Oh, I should say what intellectual property to invest in.
Sorry about that.
So it's like we have a much bigger challenge that we have to overcome.
And Candace doesn't have that problem.
She's electrifying.
She captures what people want to hear.
And what I'm saying is the service that you guys can now play in the world that we live in is to say science isn't about being right.
Science is about two things.
Number one, the pursuit of utility.
Einstein's breakthroughs matter because they give us- And so the guy from the impact theory is now educating these people about what science really is and what the intellectual pursuit of knowledge really is.
And it is, it is laughably arrogant.
as someone who's never probably engaged in it, like really tried.
Have that problem.
She's electrifying.
She captures what people want to hear.
And what I'm saying is the service that you guys can now play in the world that we live in is to say science isn't about being right.
Science is about two things.
Number one, the pursuit of utility.
Einstein's breakthroughs matter because they give us GPS and nuclear energy.
That's the only reason that they matter.
And the second thing is, we know we're wrong about a whole lot of stuff.
And so our job is just go through, what are all the things we're wrong about that are stopping us?
And I hope I'm not talking out of class, Eric, oh please God.
But Eric has said to me many times, we ought to be traveling the cosmos.
And we aren't because string theory has gotten stuck.
Exactly.
So you have to get new ideas.
You have to break the old paradigms in order to get the utility that you want.
And if we judge every idea by its utility and not by where it comes from, we'll be in a much better place.
You know, the best thing about this debate, Tom, is that it's actually by having this kind of conversation on a platform like this that is watched globally in pretty big numbers now, that we can probably get to where you want to get science to.
And the other thing I've observed is I host a lot of debates between people who disagree, and they normally end up screaming at each other.
What I loved about you three was the more abusive you became in a very nice, polite manner, the more you all laughed.
That is the way to debate.
So thank you all very much indeed.
Thank you, Pierce.
I'm not really sure what to say about that.
That was freaking extraordinary.
Let me get this out of here.
and set up my slide deck really quick just to close.
Thank you very much for being here today, ladies and gentlemen.
That was a lot of fun.
I do want to do a full close though here.
So don't forget, I'm actually suggesting that these people are working together, that they actually were put in place, some of them before the pandemic, some of them at the start.
And I don't have any qualifications to say this.
I used to be a long-time academician.
I was a neurobiologist and I ended my career at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine in 2021.
And I now wear a badge that says I am the chief biologist of GigaOM Biological.
All of that being said, I think my credentials of four and a half years of an unblemished record of integrity and trying to figure this out and making a few mistakes and admitting it, I am doing a service to my children that I don't believe Kevin McKernan would ever do for my kids.
And I don't believe that any of these people are doing anything for my children either.
A lot of these people don't even have kids.
So it's very extraordinary because someone like Brett Weinstein has been meddling with me for more than four years now.
Brett Weinstein has known for four years that it should be called transfection or transformation and has chosen not to teach anybody that.
And actually pretended, even after admitting that I told him that, that it just wasn't important enough, I guess, to do even a single show about.
And that makes him a traitor to our kids because he wants us to teach the gain of function is real to our children.
He wants that.
He also wants us to teach our kids that vaccines are pretty good, even if they don't always work.
Whereas I think it's important that we start to insist, until they prove beyond a shadow of a doubt otherwise, that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
I think we should continue to insist that transfection and transformation in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and an EUA doesn't make it not so.
And we should also freely challenge them with the idea that RNA cannot pandemic because I believe with all my heart and soul
that these people have lied to us about this.
They've lied to us about pandemic potential by telling us a story and an argument and performing a theater about a crisis, performing a theater about a coverup, performing a theater about a lie, performing a theater that has led to a illusion of consensus that they themselves created through that theater.
The only awful and most malevolent part about it is that we were all fooled by these people for a very long time.
Even if we weren't fooled by the people on TV, we were fooled by the people on social media.
And that's why there is an illusion of consensus about they are killing us, that they release it, and that somebody's got to come and save us, and this whole thing seems to be under their control.
It's a lie.
because they don't talk about a background signal, they don't talk about background noise, they don't talk about bacteriophages, and they don't talk about anything.
They talk exclusively about the mythology of viruses, and they don't talk about 2020 and 2021, and that's how they avoid admitting that the faith is a lie.
And you saw those four people,
freely set forth the illusion of consensus that the moon landing happened, that viruses are real, that there is a novel virus that underlies COVID.
This was all part of that illusion where they agreed that those things are true, but we should argue about peer review, and we should argue about what science has done to undermine itself.
We should never talk
We should never talk about the fact that they murdered people and lied about it.
That's, of course, the one thing that these people don't want to talk about.
They don't want to talk about Sina Bavari and David Hohn's patent on a virus-like particle that looks an awful lot like the Ebola virus.
They don't want to talk about Stanley Plotkin and the emissions in their many giant textbooks.
They don't want to talk about Hilary Koprowski and his role
in the starting of the polio vaccine.
They don't want to talk about the Barr family.
And hopefully we can talk about the Barr family and the promise system very soon.
And they don't want to talk about Joshua Lederberg.
Quite frankly, I'm almost done talking about Joshua Lederberg too.
The only reason why I want to talk about Joshua is because he's one of these people who's kind of the godfather of some of these ideas.
And so we need to start from him and then draw lines through the mentor chains that led us to the people who are alive right now.
I don't want to talk about dead people much more anymore.
That's somebody else's purview.
That's somebody else's work.
I want to talk about the living, breathing humans that are perpetuating this mythology, wittingly or unwittingly, because of deep state social media bullshit like the intellectual dark web and what you just saw.
That's why they don't want to talk about 2020.
That's why they won't admit that the faith is a lie.
I don't know why those two came up again.
So we do have a problem because this illusion of a biosecurity state, worst case scenario, must be broken.
It cannot be passed on to our kids.
They need to understand that virology, at least RNA virology, is wholly dependent on synthetic RNA and DNA.
There's no other way to do it because RNA doesn't grow in a dish.
but they can definitely, they can definitely sequence it.
So they can get this RNA and they can claim they're finding sequences and whatever they claim they find, they can definitely make a large quantity of it and then test it in a laboratory.
And so the bottom line is, is that these people could be even lying about what they're finding just so that they can test whatever they want to test.
Oh, we found some new exosomes with some new genes in them.
And since they're not yours, they're viruses, we can study them as much as we want to with no ethical concerns at all.
And so claiming that they're finding these signals in bats just gives them an excuse to study the same signal in humans under the pretense that they're studying something from bats.
Do you see the problem here?
Because they make a lot of this DNA, and then they either use it directly or convert it to RNA.
And whether they use it on a cell culture, whether they use it in an animal, or that they make a large quantity of it, it's all the same.
They call it infectious DNA and infectious RNA clones.
And they can make as much as they want of them.
using the same kinds of bio-manufacturing that they use to make antibodies and venom.
The only disingenuous part is instead of calling them infectious clones, they should just call them synthetic RNA and DNA in quantity that they transform and transfect these cell models with, these animals with.
That's all they're doing.
Once they move to clones, once they move to pure molecules, they're just transforming and transfecting cell cultures in animals.
And they are not recapitulating anything in nature.
They're doing bioweapons research.
And all of these people know it.
They probably know it better than a lot of the people at the CDC who are probably blissfully dumb, ignorant, ignorant idiots.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
That's because weaponized piles of money got us to argue about it.
That's why we accepted it.
And that's how we're still being governed.
all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary and if you like what you saw please go to gigaohm.biological.com find a way to support the stream otherwise share it here at stream.gigaohm.bio we have a new channel
and a new member of gigaohm upstream.gigaohm.bio and that is Housatonic Live is now able to post his videos up there and so his edited versions are probably going to start showing up there as he posts them elsewhere and so this is not to say that you shouldn't share his bit shoot or or follow him on rumble and share that but it's just to say that there's another way
to find his content all in one place, starting now.
And it's a way to kind of move forward with this federated, decentralized social media substitute, which is Soapbox and PeerTube.
And I think it's a really good example that we're going to set over the next couple of weeks as we move away from Twitter and these other things and just take it on our own.
Thank you very much for joining me.
Thanks for supporting.
Thanks for sharing.
If you liked what you saw, again, please find a way to make it happen more often.
And I'll see you again tomorrow, Saturday.